1.  Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job.
2.  Don't comment bad code - rewrite it. - Brian Kernighan
3.  A programming language is for thinking about programs, not for expressing programs you've already thought of. It should be a pencil, not a pen. - Paul Graham
4.  Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code. - Dan Salomon
5.  It´s better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive. - Steve McConnell
6.  One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code. - Ken Thompson
7.  Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file.
8.  One man's crappy software is another man's full time job.
9.  Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.
10.  Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. - Rajanand
11.  System programmers are the high priests of a low cult. - Robert S. Barton
12.  I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine! - Vidiu Platon
13.  Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it's released. Beta is latin for "still doesn't work"
14.  Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. - Bill Gates
15.  If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. - Edsger W. Dijkstra
16.  The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before. - Bill Gates
17.  Real programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
18.  Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - Rick Osborne
19.  People don't care about what you say, they care about what you build. - Mark Zuckerberg
20.  We have to stop optimizing for programmers and start optimizing for users. — Jeff Atwood
21.  If the code and the comments do not match, possibly both are incorrect. — Norm Schryer
22.  Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships. - Linus Torvalds
23.  If you optimize everything, you will always be unhappy. - Donald Knuth
24.  Your mind is programmable - if you're not programming your mind, else will program it for you. - Jeremy Hammond
25.  The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it's too late. - 	Seymour Cray
26.  Debugging becomes significantly easier if you first admit that you are the problem. - William Laeder
27.  Talk is cheap. Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
28.  Everybody in this country should learn to program a computer because it teaches you how to think. - Steve Jobs
29.  Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. - Rajanand
30.  Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.
31.  First, solve the problem. Then write the code. - John Johnson
32.  The function of a good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. - Grady Booch
33.  Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. — Bill Gates
34.  Small minds are concerned with the extraordinary, great minds with the ordinary. - Blaise Pascal
35.  Everyday life is like programming, I guess.If you love something you can put beauty on it. - Donald Knuth
36.  You are not responsible for the programming you picked up in childhood. However, as an adult, you are the one hundred percent responsible for fixing it.
37.  Developer is an organism that turns coffee into code.
38.  The purpose of software engineering is to control complexity, not to create it.
39.  As a programmer, it is your job to put yourself out of business. What you do today can be automated tomorrow. - Doug McIlroy
40.  A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. - Doug Linder
41.  Testing can only prove the presence of bugs, not their absence. – Edsger W. Dijkstra
